Update how-to-guide.md (#153)
plus3it/tardigrade: docs/_pages/how-to-guide.md

# Prerequisites
* [terraform >= 0.12](https://www.terraform.io/)
  - credentials configured for an AWS account

>   - note, some modules are pinned to 0.14 It is advised to use this version for now for best compatability. 

Reviewer: Let's be more specific. For root modules, we always recommend a strict pin on the terraform-core version. This pin is to prevent inadvertent upgrades of tfstate by different people working the same project. The pin is in the file `configs/versions.tf`. To use another version, just update the version in the file.

All modules used ought to be compatible from 0.13 and later, when support for module-level `for_each` was added. It is expected that everything is compatible to 1.x.

Author: Ahhhhhh I see, that's where the error came from! Will update.

* [terragrunt >= v0.21](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt)

> * [AWS CLI >= 2.0](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)

Reviewer: Mark this optional and remove the version. It is not a general requirement for AWS auth (though it can be required for a specific implementation environment if using AWS SSO). And any version is fine (again, same exception). We can cover some base case using the awscli for AWS in particular, but should still be clear it is an example and point at the provider docs for details on how to set up authentication to the cloud of choice.

Author: updated clarification to point to provider.

  - used for logging in to AWS

# How To Use
Validate that you have all tools installed correctly. You can do this by typing `{tool} --version` into the comand line to validate the tool is in your PATH and the version is appropriate. Note that in some installation methods of terragrunt (namely, Brew) will attempt to install the latest version of Terraform with it. This can cause a dependency issue. You may have to manually uninstall undesired versions and add the correct ones to your PATH. 

> After all tools are validated, you must log into the AWS CLI to set your environment config. This generally involves creating programmatic access for a user account and setting it up with `aws configure`. [Instructions for configuring your CLI environment to the desired AWS account can be found here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html).

Reviewer: Nit: The aws cli doesn't exactly have a "login" method. This is much different than Azure. The *only* login method of the aws cli is to login to AWS SSO. You *can* use the aws cli to setup a config that tools can use to authenticate to AWS, but past `aws configure` the aws cli is not in that loop at all. And it is not even necessary to use the aws cli to setup the config file.

Also, this could use some more nuance. We need to be careful making recommendations about how to authenticate to AWS. IAM Users, despite the name, are not for humans. All human access to AWS should be using some form of SSO. All machine access should be using execution roles, and only in extreme cases should a permanent access key ever be created.

Author: attempted to answer nitpick!

Next, you need to add a configuration into the environment you would like to deploy resources into. In the current state, we only support AWS and are currently working on Azure support. The repository has a `tardigrade/templates/aws` folder where there are two templates for a Management and Member account. The `terragrunt.hcl` file of the Member account is currently written to be dependent on the Management account being done first. This dependency within the file would need to be edited with the Management folder name later, if you wanted to add a member underneath a management account. For the sake of demonstration, we will only be deploying a Management config at this time. Copy the `terraform.tfvars` and `terragrunt.hcl` files from the Management template, into `/tardigrade/configs/aws/{your aws account id}/management/`. 

Edit `../{account id}/management/terraform.tfvars` with the `account_name` you'd like to set. This is a unique identifier used in the deployment

Edit `../configs/aws/globals.tfvars.yaml` with the namespace you would like to set. This is a unique identifier used in the deployment

> Edit `../configs/aws/terragrunt.hcl`, find the `remote_state` block. Change the `bucket` and `dynamo_db` name to something unique, like by adding a unique suffix to the string.  (TODO, this is likely an unintended change or dependency, this will likely be patched later so that you do not have to edit this file)

Reviewer: Instead of mucking with the `remote_state` block directly at this point, how about adding a step to clone this repo to a directory with a distinct project name, `git clone https://github.com/plus3it/tardigrade.git <project-name>`? The logic in the block will then use that name.

Author: Updated with a compromise!

> Run `terragrunt init --terragrunt-working-dir tardigrade/configs/aws/{account_id}/management` to initialize the backend. This will prompt to create a new bucket (using the name you provided) as the backend if needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terragrunt init --terragrunt-working-dir tardigrade/configs/aws/{account_id}/management` to initialize the backend. This will prompt to create a new bucket (using the `<project-name>`) as the backend if needed. 
```
